Update examples and add one for cross account (#70)
DataDog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner: examples/cross_account/README.md

# Cross Account Example

> This folder shows an example of Terraform code that uses the [datadog-agentless-scanner module](https://github.com/Datadog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner) to deploy a Datadog agentless scanner in a main [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account and cross account role in your other accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder shows an example of Terraform code that uses the [datadog-agentless-scanner module](https://github.com/Datadog/terraform-module-datadog-agentless-scanner) to deploy a Datadog Agentless scanner in a main [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) account and cross account role in your other accounts.
```

> In this example the full scanner setup is deployed in a single account dedicated for the scanning purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the full scanner setup is deployed in an account designated for scanning.
```

All your other accounts can be scanned from that account by deploying a single IAM role.

## Quick start

> To deploy a Datadog agentless scanner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a Datadog Agentless scanner:
```

1. Go to the `scanner_account` folder
1. Run `terraform init`.
1. Run `terraform apply`.
1. Set your Datadog [API key](https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/).

> 1. You can leave the `cross_account_delegate_arn` variable empty for now.

Reviewer: What does "for now" mean? It doesn't seem like you populate this variable later on in the instructions. Can we remove this whole line?

Author: So when running the command, the customer will be asked to fill the variable. They don't have the value just yet and need to continue the process until they can have it.

The command will ask it like so:

```
var.cross_account_delegate_arn
  Specifies the cross accounts role ARN that the Datadog agentless scanner can assume
  
  Enter a value: 
```

Reviewer: Understood. Then I think it might be good to leave out the "for now".

```suggestion
1. You can leave the `cross_account_delegate_arn` variable empty.
```

1. Run `terraform output scanner_role` and copy that ARN.

To deploy the delegate role:

> 1. Go to the `other_account` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `other_account` folder.
```

1. Run `terraform init`.
1. Run `terraform apply`.
1. Set the ARN of the scanner role you got from the previous step.

> 1. Run `terraform output delegate_role` and copy that ARN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `terraform output delegate_role` and copy that ARN.
```

> Finally since cross account delegate role need bi-directional permission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, because cross-account delegate roles need bidirectional permission:
```

> 1. Go back to the `scanner_account` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go back to the `scanner_account` folder.
```
